If you want to shine like sun first you have to burn like it
And I can fight only for something that I love, love only what I respect, and respect only what I at least know
Anyone can deal with victory. Only the mighty can bear defeat
Think Thousand times before taking a decision But - After taking decison never turn back even if you get Thousand difficulties
The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes
When diplomacy ends, War begins
Reading is not an end to itself, but a means to an end
I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few
He alone, who owns the youth, gains the future
The stronger must dominate and not mate with the weaker, which would signify the sacrifice of its own higher nature
To conquer a nation, first disarm its citizens
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth
Words build bridges into unexplored regions
The art of reading and studying consists in remembering the essentials and forgetting what is not essential
If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower
The only preventative measure one can take is to live irregularly
The state must declare the child to be the most precious treasure of the people
As long as the government is perceived as working for the benefit of the children, the people will happily endure almost any curtailment of liberty and almost any deprivation
As in everything, nature is the best instructor
The very first essential for success is a perpetually constant and regular employment of violence
He who would live must fight. He who doesn't wish to fight in this world, where permanent struggle is the law of life, has not the right to exist
The great strength of the totalitarian state is that it forces those who fear it to imitate it
Humanitarianism is the expression of stupidity and cowardice
Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken
The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category
As a Christian I have no duty to allow myself to be cheated, but I have the duty to be a fighter for truth and justice
The frailest woman will become a heroine when the life of her own child is at stake
While the Zionists try to make the rest of the World believe that the national consciousness of the Jew finds its satisfaction in the creation of a Palestinian state, the Jews again slyly dupe the dumb Goyim
Through clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see paradise as hell, and also the other way round, to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise
Life doesn't forgive weakness
No politician should ever let himself be photographed in a bathing suit
My spirit will rise from the grave and the world will see i was right
Anyone who sees and paints a sky green and fields blue ought to be sterilized
Struggle is the father of all things. It is not by the principles of humanity that man lives or is able to preserve himself above the animal world, but solely by means of the most brutal struggle
Our object must be to bring our territory into harmony with the numbers of our population
The Strong Man is Mightiest Alone
The amount of money that is in your bank at the time of your death is the extra work you did which wasn't necessary
There is a better chance of seeing a camel pass through the eye of a needle than of seeing a really great man 'discovered' through an election
Conscience is a Jewish invention
God's and beasts, that is what our world is made of
Winning without problem is just victory, but winning with lots of trouble create History
Basically National Socialism and Marxism are the same thing
Whenever human activity is directed exclusively to the service of the instinct for self-preservation it is called theft or usury, robbery or burglary etc
What good fortune for those in power that people do not think
I drank my bottle of milk and ate my morsel of bread somewhere on the outskirts, while I circumspectly studied my environment or else fell to meditating on my own harsh lot
The doom of a nation can be averted only by a storm of flowing passion, but only those who are passionate themselves can arouse passion in others
I dream of a state of affairs in which every man would know that he lives and dies for the preservation of the species
Godess of peace can walk only in the company of god of war and that every great act of peace must be protected and assisted by force
I shall never believe that what is founded on lies can endure for ever. I believe in truth. I'm sure that, in the long run, truth must be victorious
A sound and energetic mind is only found in a sound and energetic body
All life is bound up in three theses: struggle is the father of all things, virtue lies in the blood, and leadership is primary and decisive
When army review its forces more than 6 months and not attacking the enemy, know it is a danger to his people
The man of genius in tune with nature will bend history to his will
You can fight only for something you love. You can love only what you respect. You can respect only what you know
Our enemies are little worms. I saw them at Munich
The gnomes are said to love names. As a result, it's not unusual to meet a gnome with six or more
When interacting with other gnomes, they love to introduce themselves with every name — but they've learned that this habit bothers humans, so with them, gnomes just stick to three
Sports like ‘Gnome Napping’ and ‘Gnome Spotting’ are becoming really popular in the western world
For your information, gnomes are known to be afraid of humans and loud noises
Gnomes are known to rub noses in both greetings and goodbyes
A gnome's estimated lifespan depends on its subrace. Your average gnome lives at least 350 years. Occasionally. they can grow as old as 500
As gnomes are a sign of lucky charm, it is considered as bad luck to beat a gnome or ill-treat them
Gnomes live in burrows, particularly in hilly, slightly wooded land where they can stretch their legs and get some sunshine
Did you know that gnomes use a special language of communication called Gnomish?
In the realm of symbolism, gnomes are multifaceted. They are revered as guardians of the Earth, symbolizing the protection of its secrets and hidden treasures
They live underground and have the ability to move very silently and quickly that it is difficult for a human to spot them
As we journey through the whimsical world of gnomes, it's clear that these mythical creatures are more than just H&H players
His first attempt to head, train and organize a coalition was great, i will give him that
It upsets me to see that the tendency is showing that people often become shallow after alliances like that
Thing is - they feel like they owe to him, letting him own their voice this way
They swing his way in every situation when he gets judged for nabskilling
The most embarassing that they will let him literally insult their own friends in their presence, they will let them dictate creating a list of people you want to keep away from their war crimes
It is sad that he will overtake this alliance bcs world will end up driven by two factions both led by snails
So obviously we muck corraborate. We just need not to let Spitz ideology into our head and remember that i did everything this world to not owe him anything, it must stay this way
Nubzy, Freakzik, Stylize, Felix, Dodoe, Hans, Druggedpanda, Jay, Mightysheep, Baton, Ganhart, Godvlynn, tehepicdude, Yoon vs bot1, bot2, bot3, bot4, bot5, bot6, bot7, bot8, bot9, bot10, bot11, bot12, bot13, bot14, bot15, bot16 and few random fellas
Casuals, Norsca, Brazilians, Spitsbergen group, Starfall group, LostWood group,Robbenduretard and his friend, Nightdawg "client crashing", AAFelix group + lots of random hermits they found in wild
idk whenever im going out to fight this spitsbergen group kid with brazilians im struggling tbh they seems to be good better than avg
let me talk to devs then we will see how aware they are of it
该国头 KING CRIMSON 1!!号老板 BRAZION No1
HUEHUEHUEHHEUHEUHEUEHUEHUEHEUHEUHEUHE
Imagine getting KOd by a bunch of brazilians kkkkkkkkk
WELCOME TO BRASIL
Melhor voltar pro Albion
92% of Brazilians stated that they had already had sexual relations with a transgender woman; this is the source of their power.
A Trans without a dick is like an angel without wing
but luckily jay came in and salvaged my b12 and mamoth guard, those brazil guys not very good at looting
Eu sou um cara simples. Vejo mulher de quatro, meto a rola. Vejo cu, meto a rola. Vejo peitão, meto a rola...
YOU ARE GOING TO BRASIL
Ama o gosto de porra salgada descendo na garganta.
Faz qualquer coisa pra ter uma rola na boca.
Chupa rola todo final de semana.
Colocou "chupador profissional" no currículo.
Kan du ik' bare prøve at spille spillet, var? Og så tænk dig om og la vær med at sig din mor har en gul bil og en rød bil? Og hvornår faen hun kører over for grønt?
Du har 18 sekunder, løb dit svin mand
Det da kraftedme ufatteligt man kan blive ved med at være så dum i en alder af den alder du har mand
Undskyld hva' sagde du? Ja du filmer bare videre
Hva' problemet? Du sgu da smart mand
Du skal heller ik komme provokerende hen til min dreng mand det garanterer jeg dig for, ellers skal jeg komme provokerende til dig, er vi enige?
to whoever killed me, GG, however I hope you stub your small toes and break the nail, before stepping upon the sharp corners of lego
Btw it's not over for siege u guys, I'm gonna break ur walls over and over, I'm not gonna let u build 1 more wall
hopefully our media manager sheep makes a video
Haven't and Hearth is already war crime simulator
you are more clueless than panda
i cant believe the felix mega alliance is losing to the spitsbergan cuck alliance
homie grinding a rageless titan
Can someone call someone else a retard so I can come back and read drama after my meeting at 1400?
they wouldn't let dakkan finish paving the pyramid these people are philistines
they're conviced im a spy and fighting on other team with a different char lol
Can you guys fight when im not fucking sleeping thanks?
FUCKING GOBLIN YOU LITTLE PUNK ASS NO LIFE HAVING VIRGIN BITCH BASMENT DWELLING FUCKING MOMMAS BOY GET A FUCKING LIFE YOU LITTLE CUNT
GO GET LAID
DO SOMETHING OTHER THEN PLAYING THE FUCKING GAME AND SHITTING YAH FUCKING DIAPER YOU LITTLE BITCH
let me guess epstein island prolly an avg size island with atleast 12non visitor gates just in case someone gank you outside on snek i would rather jump out of window than everytime i want to leave my base use snek or some mine crs
legit they should nerf rat players like spits or coles i wish next world changes
имейджин, твой никнейм как клеймо после многолетней сессии унижений и куколдирований от 40-летней гнилой украинской бабки и ее пузатого ебыря. для которых ты мяукал и ролеплеил годами ради новой порции унижений
pvper when they kill a random noob: HAHA gottem another epic loot piniata for me gg nerd why do you have so much cool stuff when you SUCK at pvp HAHA
pvper when they get killed: wow easy buddy nice work killing my farmer alt that means nothing to me wow what a thing to brag about my game literally crashed
i earned like 25lvls in minecraft while pvping
Our primary development direction is toward object-controlled-objects.
Yes, lol, Slaem & Hearth confirmed.
Imagine the smell. Also had great fun at the thought of a sack full of month old oysters.
Not bad, will consider!
Jorb please go play like two wipes of Rust on a monthly server.
Daymn, y'all cutting onions in here. Thank you!
Can confirm birb problem. Restarting to fix!
You're the only e-girl I simp for, babe. ^_^
yeah we won, not even the mega alliance + unemployed cucks could stop us
GG guys see you in world 16.1.1 in a few months
the high level players who are nice and trade me nice stone axe tools for free are just investing into me so i can be a good worker bee for them to later harvest for sacrifice ?
every hermit if given a chance to murder his neighbor
weren’t you complaining like 2 weeks ago that people are killing the game because they kill hermits?
that was me, ggs.. almost had you tho
Well it was nice playing with you all. Haven and Hearth has lost another active player due to server incompetence.
Don't take me the wrong way, you guys have something great going on here. It is just unfortunate that you can't fix the constant crashes on Haven and Hearth.
At the end of the day I am at least glad this happened before I donated the $100 I put aside to support this project.
Oh well sht happens and life is not fair, cheers to all of you guys on Haven and Hearth and thanks for the cheese, catch ya later.*
felix giga alliance basically won against wage cuckolds, thats an achievement
I won and whatever you guys say is wrong, dumb, retarded, gay, stupid and you should actually self combust yourself for even remotely thinking you’re better than me because I won and whatever I say goes.
I post most of the interesting Haven content in this Discord anyway Without me it’s just some friend group of weirdos with daily autism If this wasn’t where the fights and shit talk happen, there’d be no reason to join
i wasted 31minutes of your time?
idk why ur pointing it out while i was obv trolling multiple times but i guess take it
pedrito kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk braziliero numero uno hueco mundo
Spits go on your main discord acc
let him have that win stylize it means a lot to him koing me
i hate racists and russians
9v1 and they didnt even kill the char?
there was 25234923482394823 ppl off screen any moment
why we are changing topic from braging about koing me
Wish i was on that photo so i could brag koing felix 10v1 but they kicked me from alliance discord
Im already living in wagon because pretty sure village decayed
while looking at enemy alliance i start feeling like my mega alliance isnt that mega
spitsberg = orca?
its not haven u dont need 100% chance to win to take the fight
they just needed 2months of grind and hundred of hours in vallhala to win 12v1
yea haven died about 5 worlds ago
Look, Realms conflict is Haven end-game now
tbh I don't understand why people bother to grind this crazy gear when they're not good enough to run for 10 minimaps
The game should upload illegal material to people's computer and report them to the FBI if their character ever does damage to a player with a ranged weapon
твердо и четко два часа в день
first time haven pvp is like first time sex, u gotta last that 5 seconds but it's worth
Anyways, you shouldn't be botheredma by that. We all here are only jokema about speechma.
Theres nothingma to be scaredma about getting diseasema. Especially notma whenma playingma с gnomesma
Я давлю свои яйца камнями
Dang guys I went to sleep last night and then My dream was that I was playing Haven, and killing ppl and then finishing an annoying credo Quest am I cooked
Ma'am, please do not compare my cumjar to spitsberg's tired, uncreative swastika pavement he does every world.
I believe at the time tar babies were added I was storing my skeletons inside the semen dripping anal gape of a 200x100 big dick futa gura gawr paveart.
No hard feelings, I get it dude. I played haven the same way and took it way too seriously, years ago, when things in my life weren't going so great. I hope things get better for you
spits ur bashing wrong village u retardma
if i just lurk in discord long enough im bound to learn russian eventually right
i mean felix doesn’t care and he isn’t uber mad that he got koed so i guess it just wasn’t true..
Hermits are a force of nature, wild, free and ungovernable
i had to explain you guys that not everything is A YOKE
can some1 post this in pvp trophies pls
and then @ spitsbergen adn tell him the mrage char I'm using is the 1 felix used to bash his roads
i had a dream today that i came back to the game - i left my walls and this boi just came back again and killed me again
Snail has a super-unique voice which would be amazing for some sort of Doki-Doki-esque YouTube channel where he yaps about something clothing related and then 45 minutes later he's talking about the 30th celebrity's clothing line that literally kills ppl
99% of the girl friends I have I would not fuck given the chance
wake up you need to suffer with me
mmmm i love 4 hours of sleep because of a fight in a dead game with 5 players online
this rage change was the best shit happened to this game, just look at all all these angry schizos
goat quote from gonus
still cant believe that orca choose this dirty brasilians over pimp my wheelchair
Didn't you help design balls bay?
I feel like you and I might mean different things when we say farmer. you're just farming hermits
you can bash all the questgivers around my village for 6 months straight and nobody would notice
I just wasted 20 minutes doom scrolling this chat in bed instead of getting up and being alive. I am the victim here
Hello Everyone! Great news: This game is wonderful !!! Its amazing... but defect is just not fun
For as much of a treat it is to see my boy in the game, i feel like what made the character so fun to play originally is gone now.
Whenever poop is cleaned up, it is added to a biofuel tank
It is with a heavy heart that I announce my intention to discontinue further development of the client.
If the user has collected enough poop, they will be able to take their Tamagotchi (and up to two guest Tamagotchis) to themed planets on a rocket ship
The final straw for me was the removal of the last bonus from Credo "Wandering Sage", and overall, I am tired of the game.
Therefore, in the future, I will transfer the merger with Loftar's changes to AI, and the client will live as long as it can.
If there is someone reliable who wants to continue development, I am ready to hand over the client to them.
A woman I work with whom I really like won't date me because I use Firefox.
Для нашого поселення потрібні: Мисливці , Фермери, Рудокопи ,Рибалки, майстри з кулінарії ,майстри кухні, майстри з виготовлення одягу з тканини і шкури ,огродяри
I almost ordered a life-sized replica of my ex-wife.
Let’s talk about Haven and Hearth — that sweet-looking pixel survival game that pretends to be a relaxing medieval sandbox but is, in reality, a psychological endurance test designed by sadists who probably hate joy
being a ragless ""fighter"" is just something people who want gamer girls in their village to think they're cool down
it's cosplay
it's not actually useful
also, he WANTS to play with rage he had it before I killed him
but he's too much of a coward to play the game for fun he's literally so afraid of losing he's just putting himself in a weird limbo where he can't win or lose
I bet he was looking for hermits to kill every day
it's so sad
like, not to be weird about it but I think it genuinely reflects poorly on your IRL character to play video games that way
нордсоф скайрим добаеб=)
Funi sled nobody cares about? Ye, whatever let it break PVP entirely from a nothing update #YOLO will not fix, will not consider any implications ever
The disparity with how you guys treat fun LARP-y stuff and QoL vs. PVP is insane
Bigger mine support for people's underground base people have been asking about for 10+ years? Ye okay, I guess it can be twice the radius of the basically free support if it costs steel+30 stockpiles of stone, else it would be OP.
The 2 middle ones are too long I think
Bro, this shit could cover 3x3 minimaps and it wouldn't be OP. Retarded.
So basically gnomes village is the source of all the evil in this game
in w16 her ass is in safety
So we are the bad guys after all?
Wow. Content. Tell us the dramma pls
anyways, onefunc gf was supposedly really annoying and marri had enough of her, bought rage and mrage and killed her xd
spits isnt racist, he just endorses free speech and provocative rhetoric
I never get bigger, only other people get smaller
Is it good or bad to think that way?
But that said, I don't feel like I'm particularly good. I just feel like everybody else isn't a real person
Nurse, we are losing him, check the balls!
CLOSE FUCKING FLAG I CANT DIG
imagine this life, no office job, no fat wife, only shovel and soil and digging
close fucking flag click on the cross in the corner are you retarded or what
some time ago I googled "hitler quotes" to find some stuff for yapper but I see spits had the same idea
"spits am hungri" fucking killed me irl LMAO
wish i had more water containers
you guys only want me for my massive gnome ass
Tell your archers to kill themselves irl for that shit
Remember kids, the first rule of B12 safety is to have fun
I can’t wait till some actual Zerg china group randomly finds this game and plays with 125 people
Conclusion: we need more archers
I dont wanna deal with it > made 80man village with 4-5 groups merged > rushed out with 20ppl 2days ago > got beaten > start pming ppl
Cant sleep because Spitsbergen is yelling at 3 am „fucking shitters listen to me”
I could go hermit hunting today. But it feels selfish
I am truly sorry (I will do the same)
короче этот пидрила не смог попить из бочки и сдох ночью
ahh nice u found my missing pearl, ty just leave it in my cb
i just turned the narwhal spear into a bone arrow xD
i want to state and apology, i culd not keep my grubby litle hand out of that sweet sweet symbel.
Как говорится, любишь псиопить люби и псиопиться
ебаные животные, вот надо же 1 тряпку подойти и спиздить со стокпайла
Can't a man get some decent cock around here?
let me suck your dick and lick your feets please
mightysheep is unironically the kind of nigga that says “it doesn’t deal damage so it’s bad”
I don't know your discord name, but I hope Jesus will bless you with many children of your own
Who the fuck picked my terebith sap from my FOREST?!
suka padla idi syuda merzavets...
Spits cook for fighters, someone for miners, bulgarius for the rest? ok but azamat's mom will cook for me
POV: You are reading about sosig drama
first female president of brazil was actually a revolutionaire terrorist/guerilla fighter
makes sense, my dick also tilts slightly left
bro is a real buddhist, spamming the manji everywhere
ruffma crawl so lil spitzhuk could run
Пожалуйста, Спитс, не будь так строг ко мне, я просто бразилец, которому нравятся большие попки и чёрные женщины
i enjoy playing haven and hearth and all its mechanics, there is no need to bot when u have fun
Azamati ganhou a vida como Jockey de Jiboia
I think spitsburger should handle everything and do everything
there is non 0 chance that I changed direction of cpb when I was setting up butcher bot... won't happen again fuhrer
Да мне похуй уже, я уже чпокан, трахан, гнумлен во все дырки
I should have quitted this game a few years ago already
your not the only group I fought coles, Goron was simply there cuz I thought playing with the volcano would have been fun till you started camping my wife hermitage.
what happend to those brazil people that from getting stomped in 10v12. tottaly stomped to shit talking that someone is bad when they barley won 5v10?
I don't rly think I'm a particularly prolific bug abuser tbh I just don't rly try to hide it
USER WAS BANNED FOR THIS POST: Lies, deflections, and nonsense.
the only difference between me and the average haven player is that I don't have the soul of a worm tbqh
They killed my ducks. Huey, Duey, Luey, and Donald
kinda hard to deny the favoritism on this 1
imagine getting all the changes you wished for in the new world and still bug abuse and get banned
God tier patch notes.
Hopefully this time you don't reward him with a q1000 string
Im happy tbh i dont have to spend anything on subs
I just can't help myself, I'm a people pleaser.
Ah, right, didn't think of that. Thanks! Will fix.
it was fucking stylize dead body on our plot
до z-4 не дотянуло совсем чуть-чуть
spitsbergen gnomish laugh.mp3
I won't cum without feet
stupid fucking retards from ring of brodgar can't even afford barrels so they have to steal that as well
vote for renan santos
kinda funny jorb is tryharding so hard to make me disassociate from people
having retarded manchildren have some power over you feel kinda bad
I don't think I'm gonna play haven again tbh
but I got offered an account within like an hour again
me and stylize was allowed to make a freshly new chars by loftar but snail stays in jail
ill be camping ur dock excatly at 20:00 today
I've prolly done stuff worthy of being banned for but I don't think any of the things I've been banned for any impartial and informed person would say is reasonable tbh
can imagine ur official twitter having posts like "what fucking nigger make graffiti here"
I'd suck boshie's dick but boshie would probably throw prison napam in my face
what a fuck someone even yoinked chives parchment
cant believ they have a rawhide bot
THE GREAT MEATMA TAX
Fuck i m ofdline .
wait, felix lost to some hobos when he had steel?
I got 7 starvation
nice mega alliance? only 4 of us
its my cousin from cambridge
yea he was the one that put skis on dodoes legs
Ainran siege when?
im pacifist i hate pvp
that q36 badger vest was waiting for its time to shine since day 3 probably
guys go valhalla train ur skills
finally a pneck thanks for donation
then i look and see beast rings
Bro you stole my q2 grub grubs... Now i cannot feed my family
90% of the people never pvp'd before
guys plz don't make fun of my friend getting koed
bro i SWEAR dodoe is a champ depicted on this gif
you all laughing at homie miss clicking his script on hotbar
meanwhile 90% of chat cant run straight line in video game
They even kick him out from the plot
imagine if ozzy had skis
I already forgot about that situation and people are still writing in that chat
Imagine if his inventory had been full of scorpions, just waiting for someone to drop his inventory